Test & fix broken links for Additional info , Troubleshooting section in docs (#195)
openebs/website: docs/versioned_docs/version-2.11.0/troubleshooting/cstor.md

**Possible Reason:**

> If `cStorVolume` is `Offline` or corresponding target pod is unavailable for more than 120 seconds(iSCSI timeout) then the PV will be mounted as `read-only` filesystem. For understanding different states of cStor volume, more details can be found [here](/).

Reviewer: /additional-info/kb#verification-of-cstor-volume

**Troubleshooting**
This might be encountered because of one of the following situations:

> 1. The device that has gone bad is actually a part of the cStor pool on the node. In such cases, Block device replacement needs to be done, the detailed steps to it can be found [here](/user-guides/cstor-csi#tuning-cstor-pools).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. The device that has gone bad is actually a part of the cStor pool on the node. In such cases, Block device replacement needs to be done, the detailed steps to it can be found [here](/deprecated/spc-based-cstor#setting-performance-tunings).
```
